spiced up okay aromatic sweet and really
easy to make first off start preparing
the apples hot pan butter apples chopped
cinnamon powder
honey that starts to get that was really
nice and caramelized
then add dates orange zest and spoon
into baking dishes the sponge topping
sift 125 grams of plain flour add a
pinch of salt castor sugar baking powder
butter and blitz what you're looking for
is this really nice soft breadcrumb
texture then add orange zest a mix in
beaten egg milk and vanilla extract
spoon onto the spiced apples sprinkle
with flaked almonds and bake for around
18 minutes
dust with icing sugar and finish with
vanilla ice cream spiced apple cake done